well I'm joined right now by who he it
is week eight of the summer split and
right now discuss a little bit of the
stuff first off easy win for you today
or at least that's how it seemed do you
agree oh yeah it was all pretty like
easy snowball I think we played really
well as a team so we're pretty happy
like on how we played and we just want
to maintain this why was it so easy for
you oh your biggest fan over there like
smithy is dad actually on the mortal
jerseys hearing for you right now I'm
very excited during this interview I
tried to interview him one time he ran
away he's very afraid of the camera
alright so so what yeah why do you think
it was so easy for you um I think just
overall overall before before like now
more like willing to sacrifice their
lives again
so especially like even the laners so it
starts from the lane ears always because
we have to help the jungler first and
jungle pays us back
now like the laners wants to help each
other so as a team it just works really
well because everyone is like somehow
sacrificing their lives when they have
to and it just works out so how is Omar
fitting into the team how's that all
going
I think Omar is feeling pretty well he
has he obviously like has a lot to learn
I guess because he just started to play
it email says officially so he has to
learn like how like competitively people
play different compared to screams or
soloqueue so he's like kind of interface
that he's gaining on just or like
adapting and he's in a really good job
on like staying positive and willing to
learn and his attitude is great so it's
pretty fun and then I do have to ask you
the biggest story with CLG this week
no more doc what what's the whole
backstory give me from start to finish
doc joining the team day by day how
everything went all the way up to this
week we've got about 30 minutes no
comment no comment
okay no no but seriously seriously give
me a little bit more context and I think
that the announcement game yeah so I
think was Josh first like everything was
great we really like fit each other's
playstyle we felt like we benefit each
other like
we had a pretty like really good synergy
especially like between manhunt and I
felt like he improved me a lot as a
player so I do think he's a really good
player but as time goes on it was like
kind of out of the game stuff that we
didn't like as a team match him and he
didn't really understood why we were
doing like certain things so I just
think like overall we weren't a really
good feel yeah we do match each other in
game but it wasn't like consistent and
we wanted to make it consistent but like
yeah there was some aspect that we just
don't we weren't like going the same way
so it was just hard to work with as time
goes on I think that's why I like the
team decided do you think that the team
and all the players remain in a good
relationship with him now or is it kind
of you guys well maybe not talk a little
bit less um I'm not sure because uh
whenever like a teammates leave the team
for example Jake it's just we're not
we're not like getting far we don't hate
each other but just as a professional
gamer it's just really hard to find the
time to really like all yo men let's
like catch up and have a talk together
or like hang out because we just really
don't have a time so essentially we shot
I think the same thing will happen I
don't think any of us like hate each
other or anything
we mostly like like each other so
because we know each other a little more
but it will probably not have that much
time to like just hang out or like catch
up okay all right conversely and
honestly I have to ask you how do you
think he will fit into Team Liquid now
that he's joined them I mean he was on
stage today so mm-hmm
I think uh when he pops off like he does
pop off like really heavily and he will
carry the game so I think Team Liquid
maybe like they'll have maybe like a
chance to win the game because I think
they're losing a lot recently but having
like that kind of x-factor can be
beneficial for them because it's like a
jack-in-the-box like we don't know when
it is going to pop off and when he pops
off there in twiddle gave you so kind of
bring this whole conversation together
it is the end of you know there's only
one more week until playoffs
you know where where do you see CLG and
how concerned are you because you are
making some kind of last-minute
decisions here with the roster at the
end of the split oh well our goal
obviously doesn't really change that we
do want to win the split and we want to
go role - it's the first it and I don't
think we shall change it either because
your goal has to be higher if you want
to like actually reach it like for us we
still believe that it's not a dream at
all we can make it so we're just trying
we have to try extra hard on like
officially we should not waste a single
game of screams or whatever and everyone
has to just sacrifice out of the game
even in game and everyone has to be
willing to like improve because if
something happens again then all hoping
we'll make it and but I do believe that
everyone on my team is has that
mentality and power to do that we're
good anything you wanna say to any other
shield reframes o - CLG sin I think
right now with the jungle situation CLG
fan was like a little bit disappointed
but I do want to tell you guys to trust
in us and even though the way the
process will be like shaky or
frustrating
our end goal doesn't change and we want
to make it happen so oh we need your
face
we're good well thank you so much for
the interview for everyone so you can
check out the rest of my coverage here
on the YouTube channel hey so I'm trying
out this whole ad thing because people
say that it makes it so that the videos
go further on YouTube and they
distribute it more but most of you are
ad blocking in terrain so it's probably
not gonna work so if you are ad blocking
and you can support me over a traffic
AFRICOM slash support you become so
fashionable lately look at all these
adidas you used to be like this and then
you weren't for a while okay